README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://emmanuelmendez.netlify.app/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/emmanelos/emmanuel-mendez/710e1fec6c568315471ff7f61ef56dd508a5c18e/src/svg/logo.svg" alt="Emmanuel Mendez logo"></a></p>

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://emmanuelmendez.netlify.app/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">EMMANUEL MENDEZ</a></h1>

I'm a web developer that love create landing pages, single-page applications, ecommerce, progressive web apps, SQL and NoSQL databases, REST APIs and GraphQL APIs.

![Github](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emmanelos&custom_title=Emmanuel%20Mendez's%20Github%20Stats&show_icons=true&title_color=283e4a&icon_color=283e4a&include_all_commits=true&bg_color=f0f0f0)

## SKILLS

[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
</br>
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![Sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
</br>
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)]()
[![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=black)]()
</br>
[![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.JS-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)]()
</br>
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
</br>
And more...

## FIND ME
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-emmanuelmendez.netlify.app-283e4a?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://emmanuelmendez.netlify.app/)
</br>
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Emmanuel_Mendez-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanelos/)
</br>
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-@emmanelos-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://facebook.com/emmanelos)
</br>
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@emmanelos-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://instagram.com/emmanelos)

## CONTACT
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/emmanelosg@gmail.com-personal_email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](mailto:emmanelosg@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Soft skills and description added.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://emmanuelmendez.netlify.app/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/emmanelos/emmanuel-mendez/710e1fec6c568315471ff7f61ef56dd508a5c18e/src/svg/logo.svg" alt="Emmanuel Mendez logo"></a></p>

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://emmanuelmendez.netlify.app/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">EMMANUEL MENDEZ</a></h1>

I'm a web developer that love create landing pages, single-page applications, ecommerce, progressive web apps, SQL and NoSQL databases, REST APIs and GraphQL APIs.

I'm passionate about what I do and I like to share it with each person who comes here looking for inspiration. If you have questions on any subject send me a email, rest assured that if I don't know how to solve your problem I will help find the solution.

![Github](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=emmanelos&custom_title=Emmanuel%20Mendez's%20Github%20Stats&show_icons=true&title_color=283e4a&icon_color=283e4a&include_all_commits=true&bg_color=f0f0f0)

## HARD SKILLS
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
</br>
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![Sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
</br>
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)]()
[![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=black)]()
</br>
[![Node](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.JS-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)]()
</br>
[![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
[![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)]()
</br>
And more...

## SOFT SKILLS
![Creativity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Creativity-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Problem solving](https://img.shields.io/badge/Problem%20solving-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Decision making](https://img.shields.io/badge/Decision%20making-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Time management and organization](https://img.shields.io/badge/Time%20management%20and%20organization-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Commitment](https://img.shields.io/badge/Commitment-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Emotional intelligence](https://img.shields.io/badge/Emotional%20intelligence-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Teamwork](https://img.shields.io/badge/Teamwork-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Leadership](https://img.shields.io/badge/Leadership-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Communication skills](https://img.shields.io/badge/Communication%20skills-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![People skills and management](https://img.shields.io/badge/People%20skills%20and%20management-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)
![Stress resistance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stress%20resistance-f0f0f0?style=for-the-badge)

## FIND ME
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-emmanuelmendez.netlify.app-283e4a?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://emmanuelmendez.netlify.app/)
</br>
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Emmanuel_Mendez-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/emmanelos/)
</br>
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-@emmanelos-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://facebook.com/emmanelos)
</br>
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@emmanelos-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](https://instagram.com/emmanelos)

## CONTACT
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/emmanelosg@gmail.com-personal_email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=black&labelColor=f0f0f0)](mailto:emmanelosg@gmail.com)
